			Magento Application Modes

Modes -> default, developer, production, maintenance

Magento 2 can work in 3 modes: default, developer and production.
After installation, Magento 2 is in a default mode. 

default ::
Enables you to deploy the Magento application on a single server without changing any settings. However, default mode is not optimized for production.
To deploy the Magento application on more than one server or to optimize it for production, change to one of the other modes.
Static view file caching is enabled
Exceptions are not displayed to the user; instead, exceptions are written to log files.
Hides custom X-Magento-* HTTP request and response headers

developer ::
Intended for development only, this mode:
Disables static view file caching
Provides verbose logging
Enables automatic code compilation
Enables enhanced debugging
Shows custom X-Magento-* HTTP request and response headers
Results in the slowest performance
Shows errors on the frontend

production ::
Intended for deployment on a production system, this mode:
Does not show exceptions to the user (exceptions are written to logs only).
Serves static view files from cache only.
Prevents automatic code file compilation. New or updated files are not written to the file system.
Does not allow you to enable or disable cache types in Admin. More information about enabling and disabling the cache.
Some fields, such as the Advanced and Developer system configuration sections in the Admin, are not available in production mode.

maintenance ::
Intended to prevent access to a site while it is being updated or reconfigured, this mode:
Redirects site visitors to a default Service Temporarily Unavailable page.
When the site is in maintenance mode, the var/ directory contains the .maintenance.flag file.
You can configure maintenance mode to allow visitor access from a specified list of IP addresses.

show current mode
bin/magento deploy:mode:show
where: {mode} can be either default, developer, or production

set magento application mode
bin/magento deploy:mode:set developer
bin/magento deploy:mode:set default
bin/magento deploy:mode:set production
bin/magento deploy:mode:set maintenance

